Merge scala 2 and scala 3 themes and guides (#2430)
scala/docs.scala-lang: _overviews/scala3-book/where-next.md

---
title: Where To Go Next
type: chapter
description: Where to go next after reading the Scala Book
num: 76
previous-page: scala-for-python-devs
next-page:
---

We hope you enjoyed this introduction to the Scala programming language, and we also hope we were able to share some of the beauty of the language.

> As you continue working with Scala, you can find many more details at the [Guides and Overviews section]({{site.baseurl}}/overviews/index.html) of our website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you continue working with Scala, you can find many more details at the [Guides and Overviews section]({% link _overviews/index.md %}) of our website.
```
